Hey
What are they doing?
Didn't you hear it?
Huang Sizhang's son, Aunt Wu, is choosing a wife here
It's a pity that my family is all men
You said he was the son of the eldest Huang
Sure
Your second young master is not good when he arrives at the military camp
The mayor gave him a good beating.
If it weren't for his own son, why would he protect the calf?
Hahaha oops
I'm confused.
All right.
Then I will reluctantly marry you home
Haha, okay.
As for the bride price
Hey, don't go, don't go, don't go
Master Wu, you forgot that my small hall is still waiting for you
It wasn't different just now
That's right, no, no
That's why I'm confused.
Anyway, you must marry my Xiaoting today
I have so many beautiful wives now
Why marry Xiaoting?
You hit me
You can scold me
Anyway, you must marry my Xiaoting today
I can do anything you want me to do
Fine
Today?
I reluctantly married Xiaoping home
Okay.
Hey, you arrange it.
I'm going to get married tonight
From small to large
No one dares to bully me like this
Since this happy person is so lustful
Why don't you marry him too?
People are willing to marry you
Listen to me, after you married him
You go find out, you kid
Where did the food come from?
Then you poisoned him
Then you have to make me a house hunter, of course
Hahaha, brother Wu, big brother
Congratulations to my brother for getting married this year.
Brother, my mother has prepared a congratulatory gift for you.
Bring things up
Trimble family
Why is this name so familiar?
Could it be that the famous Tianbao family in the previous life
Today is Lao Tzu and I started my business.